Alright, let's get started.
You heard what the judge said.
One man is dead and now we must decide
if another man will live or die.
Premeditated murder is the most
serious charge in our courts,
and if we vote guilty,
we have to send him to the electric chair.
That's mandatory.
it's a standard procedure
to lock the doors.
They don't want anyone sneaking out.
As I was saying,
If there is a reasonable doubt.
We have to find him not guilty.
Yes, well,
I just want to make sure that we have a
clearer idea about why we're all here,
since this is a serious matter.
Our verdict must be unanimous one
way or another, guilty or not guilty.
That's just the law.
Anyone doesn't want to vote?
No?
Ok. Well.
This has to be a four to nothing vote.
Either way.
Are we ready?
all those voting guilty raise your hand.
OK,
not guilty.
One OK.
3 to 1 guilty. Now we know where we stand.